I know where it is.
At Changming Orphanage
Ren Changzong
I can't spare you.
I know the exact location of your mother
I'll go with you.
Can find it here
I really underestimated you
Celestial, it turns out that all these years
You've been hiding my mother here
When you were a child
It's right here.
Locked up and tortured like a dog by those people
Since you are so resistant to it here
Of course he's hiding them here
How did you know we were here?
Aren't you at the Shen family's old house?
Then ask your good assistant
Sister Shen Xiu
Even your subordinate Tang Yi is mine
These years
He reports to me on your every move
You betrayed me?
Not betrayal
Approaching you from the beginning
God knows how to be bold